B0000630MQ
B0000630MI
B000ENKHPG
B0006VS8HA
B000063W8P
B0000630MK
B0000DFZ2U
B0000630MM
B0000630ML
B0001YXWVO

I recently bought this charger kit from Amazon and I am quite happy with my purchase .
It charges AA batteries just fine , but has a huge problem securing smaller AAA batteries .
Perfect for remote controls or other battery `` hungry '' devices , but they work just like normal batteries as far as life span is concerned .
So natually , I purchase this charger with extra Kodak Max K2000 batteries -LRB- same product name , and pretty looks the same in picture -RRB- but the problem is that the extra set is rated at 1850 !
Another plus is that the plug folds under when not in use .
There 's a lot of claims out there about what the best batteries and charger are .
I need a fast , compact charger that could easily fit into my digital camera bag .
This has absolutely no affect on Double A batteries , but is an annoyance when trying to charge triple A batteries .
This is an excellent product !!! .
One of the best chargers because it is lightweight , the plug can be folded into the charger , and is super fast ! .

Hit q or quit to leave. Enter product ID: Reviewed quite a bit of the combo players and was hesitant due to unfavorable reviews and size of machines .
3 -RRB- Many flavors of A OUTPUT : digital audio -LRB- coax and optical -RRB- , composite video -LRB- of course -RRB- , component video -LRB- nice for home theater -RRB- , S video.Bottom line : A good combo deck for the money . .
You will not be disappointed ! .
Simple to set up , easy to operate - a very nice unit .
I have had this for about 10 years and nothing has happened to it and still works like a charm !
My fears were unfounded -- this indeed is a fantastic player!First , I really enjoy the chrome finish ; it perfectly matches my silver 24 '' flat-screen TV .
Making two units into one may save on some costs , but the cost cutting may be the use of cheaper parts inside .
This unit has `` SQPB '' S-VHS Quasi playback which will play S-VHS tapes , and makes for excellent looking viewing of standard tapes .
I own two JVC S-VHS recorders with flying erase heads .
Set up was easy , although I probably made it harder than it needed to be.I spent some time trying to understand the manual .

Hit q or quit to leave. Enter product ID: My experience : I got this from FM , not Amazon .
I really wanted an LCD with a built-in DVD player .
`` A remote should be , at the very least , functional and comfortable enough to go unnoticed , dont you think ???? Aside from the horrid shape , size and weight of the remote , this remote has an absolutely terrible layout and lacks some of the most basic buttons that come with the cheapest of remotes .
When you channel surf , the remote is so slow to change the channel that you want to throw it on the floor and stomp on it .
Your comments and opinions are important to us .
The placement of the keys are almost illogical and you have to look at it carefully before each use .
I want to enjoy the whole experience of watching and listening .
The remote control that comes with the TV has no recall function , so I bought a Sony universal , which is a much better remote , that had the recall button on it .
Overall I would give it a 5 . .
was perfectely happy with shipper and sylvania lcd tv is excellent buy and works perfect .

Hit q or quit to leave. Enter product ID: I am fairly satisfied with the MusixStation .
I clip the little sucker to my tool belt .
After that , it sounds like garbage .
SIZE - I suppose I should have judged the size based on the CD compartment -LRB- frame of reference in the photo -RRB- , or even gone through the trouble of reading the measurements or weight .
To me that is an obstacle , I want to select things quickly .
I bought this device mainly due to the mp3 player input & compartment , and have decided to stick with some computer speakers that have decent bass in them due to the compact size , and I 'm not throwing parties ... I 'm just doing the dishes or chillin on the couch.If I were to rate this item strictly for sound I would give it a 5 , but the overall package of this `` portable '' device brings my rating down to a 3 . .
A Loudness button you select On or Off .
It 's only as good as the power you feed it.I will probably buy one more for home use only .
There 's just an AUX in jack that you could hook up your laptop , MP3 players , what-not .
I bought this boombox for a kitchen that I knew needed to be loud .

Hit q or quit to leave. Enter product ID: The tripod is well built .
So I packed it back in the box and returned it ... got home and ordered it from Amazon .
With practice , slow zooms are possible.My biggest complaint is that the unit does not have a fluid head .
This is an excellent tripod for Sony Video Camera .
Out of the box , they needed WD-40 .
If you look up the Cybershot DSC-N2 , and click on it 's supported accessory list , the VCT-D680RM Remote Control Tripod is listed -LRB- currently , as of writing this review -RRB- .
Even without the use of the VCT-D680RM 's remote control features , it 's still an excellent tripod , especially at Amazon 's price . .
im glad i bought this item i could have use this years ago as i love to take pictures and video my kids sports.Darrin & Jackie .
The camera shoe is secure and tight .
I was thrilled to find it for much less at Amazon !!!

Hit q or quit to leave. Enter product ID: I have used many video cameras in my life , but I have never owned one until now .
It can also do snazzy digital fade-ins and fade-outs .
On the other hand , if you do n't shoot a lot of videos and want something cheap , the Hi8 is still a good way to go .
One plus feature is the included AC adapter works at both 110V and 220V .
This is definitely as great buy ! .
The only problem I saw was that the autofocus was slow to adapt at times during those fireworks and laser shows .
It allows me to make movies for friends and family without having to deal with a whole lot of buttons and distractions .
I had a previous Sony 8 mm Handycam which died and I replaced it with this camera so I could continue to playback my old 8 mm tapes .
After finding the manual on-line , I saw where the capstan went.I know I would n't have been able to fix my original camera if I had n't purchased my new cameral through Amazon .
sony makes a good camera , this is one of the best products to invested in ... B0000630MKUNKQQQ .

Hit q or quit to leave. Enter product ID: Perfect carry-along for my notebook PC .
Great price from Amazon .
When the apartment building next to mine was struck by lightning , I decided that I better get a surge protector and this portable option was just what I wanted . .
We 've experienced a couple of serious lightning surges in our immediate area over the past four years .
Not so with this little gem .
This little thing does it 's job and does it well .
I 've got 'em on lots of electronics -LRB- printers , phones , laptops -RRB- that do n't need a full power strip or universal power supply -LRB- UPS -RRB- .
Great little item and great price . .
Lights illuminate to show you that the system is working .
I definitely carry one of these with me . .

Hit q or quit to leave. Enter product ID: Hi.I got this camcorder few days before , and now using it daily almost 5 hours in day .
The software and driver were easily installed -LRB- even on Windows XP !! -RRB-
Disappointment : The pictures are really pixeled and not at all that clear , even at close distances .
It 's easy to learn the basics with and takes really great videos .
I used it for a year and had very little trouble with it .
Dazzle USB brings in my movies faster with no post processing time , it also produces a MPEG-1 movie .
I got this camcorder for capturing my 6 month old baby .
Using pixela software included we could capture still shots -LRB- good enough for listing things on ebay , etc. -RRB- which was a novelty then ! .
An S-video cable does help the video image .
This camcorder is great .

Hit q or quit to leave. Enter product ID: I recently purchased this camera and have been very pleased with its performance .
The LCD screen is large and vibrant and provides for an easy way to see what you 're filming without haveing to peer into a viewfinder.The only drawback of this camera is that the battery life tends to be pretty short-lived .
Also , the 20X zoom works really well .
It arrived within three days - amazing !
About 30 minutes of shooting remained , even though we used the LCD the whole time.Title use is a little confusing , but you do get the option of creating two custom titles in addition to the standard fare.The tripod was prepared , just in case the weight of the camcorder became tiring , but it was not needed .
I find the quality of the pictures with this camera as good if not better than anything else without going to digital .
I 'm happy with every aspect of this camcorder .
I would n't buy electronics on line again -LRB- been there done that -RRB- .
I also have lots of Hi8 video I shot while I was in the military that I want to transfer to DVD so after a lot of research chose the CCD-TRV308 .
I still use an external IR light but This one works pretty good on its own compared to the others .

Hit q or quit to leave. Enter product ID: Does just what was needed to charge the Macbook Pro G4 13inch laptop .
Believe me , it 's not worth the lower cost for this - just get a more expensive one that actually works . .
Wo n't work on the new Intel MacBook or MacBook Pro . .
received promptly .
I have been through two of these , each one only worked for a few months before going bad .
so much more inexpensive than the apple adapter .
Overall very pleased with this replacement charger . .
I needed to send the adapter to the manufacturer in California for them to evaluate -- I would be without a power cord for a week .
Easy to use with a better strain relief than that of the OEM .
does not start up your computer right away after you kill the battery .
