B0000630MQ
B0000630MI
B000ENKHPG
B0006VS8HA
B000063W8P
B0000630MK
B0000DFZ2U
B0000630MM
B0000630ML
B0001YXWVO


I recently bought this charger kit from Amazon and I am quite happy with my purchase .
I love that you just plug the unit right into the wall with no unruly cords .
What I have to do now is using duct tape and a segment of crayon , apply the crayon on the buttons , and wrap the tape around .
Perfect for remote controls or other battery `` hungry '' devices , but they work just like normal batteries as far as life span is concerned .
I just kept it since it does charge ... but the lights are useless since they seem to always stay on .
When it comes to batteries - this is it , hands down . .
Another plus is that the plug folds under when not in use .
The design is nice and convenient .
Their Powerex MH-C204F charger works in 100 minutes for rapid charge , with option for slower charge -LRB- better for batteries -RRB- .
I need a fast , compact charger that could easily fit into my digital camera bag .
ALL the options I need for a battery charger . .
After reading the reviews , I bought this charger .
This is an excellent product !!! .
Some of my friends ' chargers take 8 hours -LRB- overnight -RRB- to a full day to charge batteries and they hate it .
Also , the charger works well with AA and AAA NiCad and NiMH batteries .

Hit q or quit to leave. Enter product ID: Reviewed quite a bit of the combo players and was hesitant due to unfavorable reviews and size of machines .
Do you want to hit TIMER every time ?
This is a good product for your $ $ $ . .
If you want to take a small step into the world of DVD players , but not let go of your old VHS tapes , this is the player for you .
This stuff may seem trivial .
A good choice at a reasonable price . .
I wish it would work but I guess i 'm giving up on JVC .
The finish and construction of this product is first rate , and it provides just about every feature one could hope for in a combination unit .
All of the buttons are solidly formed , and the rew  rec buttons glow in the dark for watching movies late at night .
I looked at many brands .
Hooking it up to my surround receiver was difficult , probably just my fault , although the book is n't clear on the hookup of the `` optical '' setup with the receiver connections with VCR , etc. .
This unit has `` SQPB '' S-VHS Quasi playback which will play S-VHS tapes , and makes for excellent looking viewing of standard tapes .
Usually anyone purchasing a combination DVD player has particular criteria they are meeting in order to get both forms of video into their television .
Pre-recorded movies looked acceptable and I really mean no better than acceptable .
Love this machine !

Hit q or quit to leave. Enter product ID: My experience : I got this from FM , not Amazon .
I brought it back to the store for a refund .
Included in my e.mail was the following : `` While I find the overall TV to be good , I am appalled at thequality and functionality of the remote that operates and comes withthat particular model .
`` A remote should be , at the very least , functional and comfortable enough to go unnoticed , dont you think ???? Aside from the horrid shape , size and weight of the remote , this remote has an absolutely terrible layout and lacks some of the most basic buttons that come with the cheapest of remotes .
They look like top-of-the-line models when compared to this piece of crap.On top of not having the basic buttons , and amongst other issues , the remote is frustrating because : 1 .
Not all of the functions may be controlledwith a universal remote control . '
Your comments and opinions are important to us .
DVD playback also excellent .
I compared a few different flat panels with review before I narrowed down my pick , which ended up with the Sylvania as over well liked .
I want to enjoy the whole experience of watching and listening .
I have been a long time patron of Sylvania products because they have never let me down . .
I bought this to replace a 13 '' tube tv in my kitchen .
Overall I would give it a 5 . .
No complaints so far !
The DVD did n't work at all .

Hit q or quit to leave. Enter product ID: I am fairly satisfied with the MusixStation .
It must be noted that the MusixStation was not designed for a construction jobsite .
Allows me to make the changes I want without having to go to the unit itself .
Speaking of power ... POWER : This thing eats batteries for lunch .
However , when the power supply is used with the MusixStation , it has no operational problems due to power consumption.DISPLAY : The LCD display is a little delicate but does the job .
SIZE - I suppose I should have judged the size based on the CD compartment -LRB- frame of reference in the photo -RRB- , or even gone through the trouble of reading the measurements or weight .
2 .
`` COMPARTMENT '' MISLEADING - I 'll admit that I do not have an iPod , so perhaps an iPod MINI may fit better -LRB- I have a minidisc player -RRB- , but I was under the impression that a door can CLOSE and completely conceal or protect a portable device .
The `` LOUD '' feature adds a decent punch , and the built in subwoofer is decent for a portable device , but certainly can not be compared to any `` real '' subwoofer or computer bass cube .
So I know when I hear a distorted bass or a weak kick drum sound which is the most difficult to produce in a small unit .
A Loudness button you select On or Off .
Looks great .
I would recommend this product .
This seems to be a pure mistake on Amazon 's description .
Also , for its size , I thought it could be louder , but again , I do n't have much to compare to ... Radio : FM is not picked up very well , except for the strongest of signals .

Hit q or quit to leave. Enter product ID: The tripod is well built .
It is well worth it . .
I bought this tripod for video tapping an upcomming family wedding and have tried it a couple of times to get used to it .
The remote control handle is a must-have feature for decent videos .
I then sling it with camera attached over my shoulder and walk to my next shoot.It is great to that you can turn off the power off to the camera , zoom , pan , record and even take stills during video taping , all without taking your hand off the tripod 's handle.I am using this tripod with a Sony HDR-HC7 High Def camcorder . .
Its legs are strong .
I know its not a professional tripod , but it is silent .
Also , not having to even touch the camcorder cuts down on shifting and movement of the camcorder .
Furthermore , if you open Sony 's description for the VCT-D680RM Remote Control Tripod , it directly lists the DSC-N2 as compatible.Note that the DSC-N2 is only HALF compatible .
The tripod itself is great , but the documentation is incorrect .
When I received the box , it had an oppening , you could stick your hand inside !
im glad i bought this item i could have use this years ago as i love to take pictures and video my kids sports.Darrin & Jackie .
Compatible with my Sony very well . .
Very good tripod for the money . .
I found this tripod on Sony 's website , but was a bit put off by the price , both there , and at Circuit City .

Hit q or quit to leave. Enter product ID: I have used many video cameras in my life , but I have never owned one until now .
I do miss the title image-grabbing function from older 8mm cameras , though.The 2.5 '' color back lit LCD screen is clear and easy to read in all but the brightest sunlight and failing that , it also has a small .5 '' black and white display through the view finder .
In moderate winds the roar of the air as it passed over the mike caused a lot of noise .
On the other hand , if you do n't shoot a lot of videos and want something cheap , the Hi8 is still a good way to go .
On the other hand , digital stabilizers degrade quality , so they work better on a digital camcorder than an analog one like the TRV108 .
This is my very first camcorder .
This is definitely as great buy ! .
Whatever the case , we are very happy with our purchase and would highly recommend this product .
Only thing better is digital .
It allows me to make movies for friends and family without having to deal with a whole lot of buttons and distractions .
Only downside I have seen is that it is a little hard to keep steady based on the videos watched .
But I recently set out to convert the video I had taken with this to digital .
After finding the manual on-line , I saw where the capstan went.I know I would n't have been able to fix my original camera if I had n't purchased my new cameral through Amazon .
Its small , light and easy to handle.The LCD is clear and bright.Ease of operation . .
It also is somewhat impact resistant because at his last little league game the umpire claimed my son was out when he was safe .

Hit q or quit to leave. Enter product ID: Perfect carry-along for my notebook PC .
This protector is an excellent value .
I bought one of these to protect my washing machine .
When the apartment building next to mine was struck by lightning , I decided that I better get a surge protector and this portable option was just what I wanted . .
Is Amazon starting to make stuff up now ? .
None , and I mean none , of the items protected by APC surge suppression or UPS systems have ever been damaged .
Not so with this little gem .
I have purchased two for use in different locations .
Needless to say , when the power came back on , It blew all of my outlets .
I 've got 'em on lots of electronics -LRB- printers , phones , laptops -RRB- that do n't need a full power strip or universal power supply -LRB- UPS -RRB- .
It 's a handy size , great for taking with you or for using at home .
One , you need to pack as lightly as possible to avoid outrageous charges .
Lights illuminate to show you that the system is working .
One is an `` in '' jack where the building signal goes into the unit .
Very convenient to use so as to have your computer protected at all times . .

Hit q or quit to leave. Enter product ID: Hi.I got this camcorder few days before , and now using it daily almost 5 hours in day .
I got this camcorder last week to take with us on vacation .
Also the camcorder just hooks to the VCR so you can play your movies on the TV .
Disappointment : The pictures are really pixeled and not at all that clear , even at close distances .
The nightshot feature actually works in total dakness .
No big complaints except a remote would be nice for playback , and a colored viewfinder .
I used it for a year and had very little trouble with it .
I had an older Sony camera which I used Dazzle to bring my video to the PC .
yes the picture qulaity is a little lower then the DV 's but i dont know about you but i dont want to spend 1300 -LRB- I dont know about you brother but im not made of money -RRB- on a camra im not tha picky .
I got this camcorder for capturing my 6 month old baby .
This is one hell of a camcorder and I recommend it for a person that wants quality for the money spent . .
The light metering and auto focus work very well too.There is only one problem that really frustrates me .
An S-video cable does help the video image .
This is truly an excellent camcorder for home movies and perhaps more advanced applications .
Nice size 3 '' lcd screen makes it easy to see what you 're recording ... And it is so easy to use , I was recording within minutes right out of the box .

Hit q or quit to leave. Enter product ID: I recently purchased this camera and have been very pleased with its performance .
All of these can seem confusing .
One extremly useful feature of this camera is the light , which really works well at night .
Also , the 20X zoom works really well .
I was willing to drop $ 500 for a MiniDV because I wanted to easily edit my videos , but I was n't willing to spend another $ 500 to upgrade my PC to accomodate the large amounts of data.Otherwise , the Sony CCDTRV308 is a great Hi8 camcorder for basic video recording and little or no editing . .
The instructions are clear , concise and easily referenced.We chose official Sony cassettes for this first run to ensure optimal picture quality and compatibility .
About 30 minutes of shooting remained , even though we used the LCD the whole time.Title use is a little confusing , but you do get the option of creating two custom titles in addition to the standard fare.The tripod was prepared , just in case the weight of the camcorder became tiring , but it was not needed .
Its one of the best camcorders I have ever had.I highly recomend this for all families and for kids that just want to make movies with their friends.Once again its a great camera and anyone interested in this camera should buy it and keep all the memories and good times of the past very close to their hearts . .
I highly reccomend this product to anyone looking for a top quality camera at an affordable price .
I 'm happy with every aspect of this camcorder .
I have webtv so I can capture all of the stills I need and do it quite easily and without software and a computer.Keep it simple stan is definitly my mantra and this camcorder helps me do just that .
I just got the CCD-TRV-308 camcorder and it is awesome !!
I also have lots of Hi8 video I shot while I was in the military that I want to transfer to DVD so after a lot of research chose the CCD-TRV308 .
I always use them with a SIMA infrared light which fits nicely on this camera due to its larger size .
If you plan on using it for extended periods of time you will probably find it bulky and heavy by today 's standards . .

Hit q or quit to leave. Enter product ID: Does just what was needed to charge the Macbook Pro G4 13inch laptop .
This newer one is a different design , no longer has the light on the brick , and the wire that connects to the computer is no longer disconnect-able . .
Even so , it 's half the price , S leaves it at the office -LRB- so it 's not travelling around -RRB- and it 'll probably do fine .
Wo n't work on the new Intel MacBook or MacBook Pro . .
Not for 80 bucks , though .
do n't get it .
I have been through two of these , each one only worked for a few months before going bad .
I ordered the Macally version to save some money and was a little scared it would not work .
Overall , the cord is substantially longer than the original adapter .
Overall very pleased with this replacement charger . .
I miss the lighted ring telling you that the charger is charging , but for 1 of the price of Apple 's replacement , I can do without it!The LED iS BRIGHT , and cool bluish color .
That 's irritating .
Easy to use with a better strain relief than that of the OEM .
It 's made of much sturdier material and less expensive then replacing with an apple product . .
The Mac screen would dim and brighten dim and brighten .
