B0000630MQ
B0000630MI
B000ENKHPG
B0006VS8HA
B000063W8P
B0000630MK
B0000DFZ2U
B0000630MM
B0000630ML
B0001YXWVO


I recently bought this charger kit from Amazon and I am quite happy with my purchase .
If you have a high drain device , the Kodak K2000 should keep you playing for a long time . .
It charges AA batteries just fine , but has a huge problem securing smaller AAA batteries .
Greetings .
Perfect for remote controls or other battery `` hungry '' devices , but they work just like normal batteries as far as life span is concerned .
24 hours of charging and the lights stay on .
So natually , I purchase this charger with extra Kodak Max K2000 batteries -LRB- same product name , and pretty looks the same in picture -RRB- but the problem is that the extra set is rated at 1850 !
The charger is convenient by charging all four batteries at once but the charge only lasts a very short time .
Another plus is that the plug folds under when not in use .
Charger is handy to carry . .
There 's a lot of claims out there about what the best batteries and charger are .
This is the only battery recharger I ever owned .
I need a fast , compact charger that could easily fit into my digital camera bag .
The shut down mode when complete is a nice option that is really needed , especially for the time when you forget about the charger until the next morning.I 've tried several other chargers and this is the BEST model that I have worked with .
This has absolutely no affect on Double A batteries , but is an annoyance when trying to charge triple A batteries .
It is simple to use , just fold out the electric prongs and plug into a wall outlet or extension cord .
This is an excellent product !!! .
They were wrong , the charger came with 4 1850 's so save your -LSB- money -RSB- on the extra pack . .
One of the best chargers because it is lightweight , the plug can be folded into the charger , and is super fast ! .
Charger is compact and charged batteries in 3 hours .

Hit q or quit to leave. Enter product ID: Reviewed quite a bit of the combo players and was hesitant due to unfavorable reviews and size of machines .
That 's really why I 'm writing ; I want to let people know the ones with problems are probably the exception rather than the rule.The only disadvantages to this product for me :1 -RRB- On the VCR , you ca n't FF by time -LRB- a panasonic feature ; FF a given number of minutes -RRB- 2 -RRB- Once you set the VCR program , you must hit TIMER -LRB- not just power off -RRB- to get it to use the program .
3 -RRB- Many flavors of A OUTPUT : digital audio -LRB- coax and optical -RRB- , composite video -LRB- of course -RRB- , component video -LRB- nice for home theater -RRB- , S video.Bottom line : A good combo deck for the money . .
I have never experienced performance issues while using the DVD player in 12 + months .
You will not be disappointed ! .
Maybe this is standard now , but I 've always liked LP mode for taping movies so you could fit two on a tape .
Simple to set up , easy to operate - a very nice unit .
I am a big JVC fan , but I do not like this model , I was suspiscious when I saw several units in the return section of the store .
I have had this for about 10 years and nothing has happened to it and still works like a charm !
Although it does not provide progressive scan for the HD TV owner , for those of us who have a 2 to 3 year old large screen set of 32 - 36 or projection size , it performs admirably .
My fears were unfounded -- this indeed is a fantastic player!First , I really enjoy the chrome finish ; it perfectly matches my silver 24 '' flat-screen TV .
DVDs , CDs , CD-Rs , and VCDs are supported , but SVCDs are not .
Making two units into one may save on some costs , but the cost cutting may be the use of cheaper parts inside .
The cds sounded great .
This unit has `` SQPB '' S-VHS Quasi playback which will play S-VHS tapes , and makes for excellent looking viewing of standard tapes .
it 's confusing getting around from vcr to dvd , as some buttons have dual use , and buttons are on both sides of the unit .
I own two JVC S-VHS recorders with flying erase heads .
They looked like blurred images without any trace of definition .
Set up was easy , although I probably made it harder than it needed to be.I spent some time trying to understand the manual .
I wish that it had VCR + , but instead you have to program the tv shows you want to tape mannually .

Hit q or quit to leave. Enter product ID: My experience : I got this from FM , not Amazon .
Plus one of the other reviewers was dead on about the remote - the layout makes no sense at all !
I purchased my 6620LDG , like other reviewers , to replace my old kitchen TV .
Included in my e.mail was the following : `` While I find the overall TV to be good , I am appalled at thequality and functionality of the remote that operates and comes withthat particular model .
`` Seriously .
Are your designers living in the 70s or do they just have their heads up their butts ? ''
They look like top-of-the-line models when compared to this piece of crap.On top of not having the basic buttons , and amongst other issues , the remote is frustrating because : 1 .
In fact , if I can find a universal remote that works with this TV ; I intend to do just that .
This is thefirst time that I have encountered this too , BTW .
Your comments and opinions are important to us .
Light weight , space saving very attractive design .
It is hard to read the functions of the keys due to color choices .
I compared a few different flat panels with review before I narrowed down my pick , which ended up with the Sylvania as over well liked .
If this is consider stereo than why does it sound like its coming from a tin can with no base at all .
I bought this for my wife for her birthday , and had toreturn it because the DVD palyer would not work .
I have been a long time patron of Sylvania products because they have never let me down . .
However , I soon learned that the TV is set at the factory to not have the capability to flash-back .
The picture is good , and the internal DVD player is a bonus .
Overall I would give it a 5 . .
The stand is awesome and you have the option to wall mount it .

Hit q or quit to leave. Enter product ID: I am fairly satisfied with the MusixStation .
The Bosch cube was the only one which came close but the lack of a functional antenna and no reception put and end to it .
I clip the little sucker to my tool belt .
Additionally , you can hook a computer , mp3 player , or a microphone up to it.SOUND : Fantastic !
After that , it sounds like garbage .
Fortunately , it lays down flat on the unit which protects it.OVERALL : I give it a 4 and a half .
SIZE - I suppose I should have judged the size based on the CD compartment -LRB- frame of reference in the photo -RRB- , or even gone through the trouble of reading the measurements or weight .
If you want a deck party system or beach side boomer for crowds and do n't care about the size of the unit , then this is not an issue , but I like to be able to take a `` portable '' device practically anywhere ... I mean this thing takes up the entire kitchen counter !
To me that is an obstacle , I want to select things quickly .
The input jack is on the BOTTOM of the compartment -LRB- not side -RRB- so if you plug a mini cable in , that now blocks part of the compartment for your device to fit in.I can not comment on the remote since I did n't even try it .
I bought this device mainly due to the mp3 player input & compartment , and have decided to stick with some computer speakers that have decent bass in them due to the compact size , and I 'm not throwing parties ... I 'm just doing the dishes or chillin on the couch.If I were to rate this item strictly for sound I would give it a 5 , but the overall package of this `` portable '' device brings my rating down to a 3 . .
And , I know how hard it is to keep that good sound when in a vehicle or when out side .
A Loudness button you select On or Off .
I think it 's well made .
It 's only as good as the power you feed it.I will probably buy one more for home use only .
You tell me where you can get this kind of sound for that kind of price .
There 's just an AUX in jack that you could hook up your laptop , MP3 players , what-not .
AM seems fine.Look : Just know that it 's big , and the image shown on Amazon makes it look a bit sleeker than it actually is .
I bought this boombox for a kitchen that I knew needed to be loud .
You all it works and 1 day I will get a antenna replacement for it .

Hit q or quit to leave. Enter product ID: The tripod is well built .
The only minor drawback is that the speed of the zoom through the handle can be a little tricky to manage .
I had already hooked up both my DSC-F828 still cam and my DCR-HC20 to it , and it worked like a charm .
I like the the smooth operation of the controls on the handle .
This is a good general-purpose tripod for Sony Handicams .
WOW !
I tried it once after Christmas and it was so easy .
Its legs are strong .
This is a very nice tripod , is strong , elegant and cool , I love it , but the only trouble that I find it , it is that this cool gadget does not have a detail list of compatible sony cameras , I mean I am an owner of 2 sony cybershot camera ` s , the W80 and H2 and I am not able to use the remote control with my cameras , only because Sony do not give us that information .
This tripod is lightweight .
I am going to buy another because I am pleased with the performance . .
If you look up the Cybershot DSC-N2 , and click on it 's supported accessory list , the VCT-D680RM Remote Control Tripod is listed -LRB- currently , as of writing this review -RRB- .
They 've been very helpful as far as customer service goes , considering the fact that I did n't purchase the tripod directly from them .
If you 're willing to spend more money , you can upgrade to the VCT-1500L tripod , which will give you an extra 2 inches on the high and low end of the tripod , but I found that the VCT-D680RM gives me plenty of flexibility and travel accessibility , and saved me some money .
When I received the box , it had an oppening , you could stick your hand inside !
In 5 days -LRB- with free shipping -RRB- I had it on my hands !
The page for the camera recommended this tripod so we bought it from Antonline .
Three-section legs give good range adjustment and yet compact storage.Metal legs and adjustment clamps work good .
Elevator mechanism is also jerky .
A perfect accessory to a Sony camcorder .

Hit q or quit to leave. Enter product ID: I have used many video cameras in my life , but I have never owned one until now .
It comes with a 160 minute ` InfoLithium ' battery and little else except a lens cap and strap .
The TRV-108 also comes with some neat digital effects like sepia tone , which gives video a nice old movie look , a pastel effect which gives everything a cartoony look , black and white , 16:9 aspect shots , plus other effects .
And if it 's too loud , like when I shot at the base of a waterfall , the noise caused image distortion lines !
Hi8 is fast fading into oblivion as MiniDV takes over the world and gets cheaper .
The traditional eye-piece viewfinder is b & w ; , which is bad if you want to use it to conserve battery power.The TRV108 gives out good video quality on Hi8 tapes .
The battery is definitely a problem and you 'll want to buy an extra capacity battery .
I 've been waiting and waiting for the best value in a Sony Hi8 Camcorder and by far this is it !
I know there are a lot of people out there like myself who are not ready to spend a lot of money on a camcorder especially for the very first time .
Our results so far are very satisfying .
Whatever the case , we are very happy with our purchase and would highly recommend this product .
Talk about impact resistant , I had a hissy when it fell out of the bag into the boat on the pirates of the carribean , but it took a lickin and it 's still ticking .
I used the telephoto constantly which takes power put am very happy with the resultsI recharge the battery after use with the no memory effect so no problems .
I think this is great for someone unfamiliar with cameras or someone who just wants something simple but of good quality.sincerely , elena .
I know 5 other people who have the same item and they do not have any complaints.The flip out lcd screen is clear also .
I had a previous Sony 8 mm Handycam which died and I replaced it with this camera so I could continue to playback my old 8 mm tapes .
The image is so much better than my phone new camcorder . .
Upon looking closer at my original camera , I noticed the capstan roller was loose in it also but not in a position that did n't prevent the tape from loading .
The reason I purchased the 2nd camera is that I have a lot of tapes of my grandson -LRB- now 21 -RRB- playing Little League baseball that I want to copy onto DVDs and now will take more videos of my younger grandson playing ball .
We dont intend to use it on the computer so the analog camera is a better deal for us than digital . .

Hit q or quit to leave. Enter product ID: Perfect carry-along for my notebook PC .
I have used APC products for quite a number of years and have found them reliable.APC P1T 120V Portable Surge Protector .
Great price from Amazon .
I ca n't really know for sure whether or not this device has protected my washer from any power surges , as both the washing machine and the APC P1T are still both fully functional , but my understanding is that APC is a highly regarded company in the power protection industry , so I believe this is a quality product . .
When the apartment building next to mine was struck by lightning , I decided that I better get a surge protector and this portable option was just what I wanted . .
Product received only states that the actual surge protector is under warranty and has no mention of equipment warranty .
We 've experienced a couple of serious lightning surges in our immediate area over the past four years .
I ca n't say the same for devices `` protected '' by other manufacturers surge and back-up systems .
Not so with this little gem .
The metal prongs are equally durable and will not bend or break .
This little thing does it 's job and does it well .
Thank god I had my laptop plugged into The P1T , it destroyed the P1T but saved my laptop !
I 've got 'em on lots of electronics -LRB- printers , phones , laptops -RRB- that do n't need a full power strip or universal power supply -LRB- UPS -RRB- .
I purchased this surge protector for my new Macbook Pro 15.4 '' laptop .
Great little item and great price . .
Two , you absolutely need to protect your laptop or other device from iffy power .
Lights illuminate to show you that the system is working .
And you know you are n't risking your valuable laptop , tablet , or other device to the iffy wiring of the hotel or place you 're staying.In addition to the main plug where the PC or other item gets connected , there are also three phone style jacks on the bottom .
I definitely carry one of these with me . .
I have bought six of these for lapttops and a netbook .

Hit q or quit to leave. Enter product ID: Hi.I got this camcorder few days before , and now using it daily almost 5 hours in day .
If you are planning to capture the recorded video on your computer using the USB and the supplied software named PIXELA , u will be disappointed with the quailty as it was very very bad .2 .
Technology sure has changed .
It 's like have a digital camera and camcorder in one ... I am really impressed with this product and am very glad that I got it !! .
For connecting to your PC it 's easy and works great .4 .
To capture the smile , laugh , or action of a loved one . .
I am totally satisfied . .
The NightShot is great , the lamp is really good , and the camera has a few little effects for the pictures .
I can edit videos or copy them off and even stream video like a web cam its great !
it is hard to hold for long periods of time and somewhat heavy -LRB- if you have a tripod and you use it this should n't be too much of a problem -RRB- .2 .
I had an older Sony camera which I used Dazzle to bring my video to the PC .
This is in contrast to USB Streaming which pushs video and sound through the USB .
I recently got a new computer and could not find the device driver disk that came with the camcorder .
Wow , I am pleased with this soo much .
The zoom is LiGhTnInG FAST .
Using pixela software included we could capture still shots -LRB- good enough for listing things on ebay , etc. -RRB- which was a novelty then ! .
That 's certainly one of the cheapest things I 've seen in products that I 've bought .
The clarity is amazing and the low level performance is incredible .
If you want to get the video from your tapes onto a computer or DVD , expect to purchase a separate video capture device or card.To make matters worse , the bundled software does n't let you capture more than thirteen minutes of video at a time before it crashes and claims the drive is out of disk space , regardless of how much disk space you really have avaliable .
For instance , my computer , which is fairly fast would typically have very smooth recording , but every once in a while would skip a few frames , and I would then have to go back and edit it .

Hit q or quit to leave. Enter product ID: I recently purchased this camera and have been very pleased with its performance .
Hi-8 , Digital , MiniDV ?
The LCD screen is large and vibrant and provides for an easy way to see what you 're filming without haveing to peer into a viewfinder.The only drawback of this camera is that the battery life tends to be pretty short-lived .
Also , a really cool feature of this camera is the ability to shoot in complete darkness -LRB- via an infared filming capability -RRB- .
Also , the 20X zoom works really well .
I recommend buying the NP-QM71 ; it lasts between 4 and 6 hours.BUT -LRB- A VERY BIG BUT -RRB- , If you want to anything more than basic VCR editing , get at least a MiniDV , especially if you 're willing to spend between $ 500 and $ 1000 .
It arrived within three days - amazing !
Image quality is excellent , but we did notice that it performs better after it has ` warmed up ' .
About 30 minutes of shooting remained , even though we used the LCD the whole time.Title use is a little confusing , but you do get the option of creating two custom titles in addition to the standard fare.The tripod was prepared , just in case the weight of the camcorder became tiring , but it was not needed .
It is awesome for running around with your kids , and taping soccer games .
I find the quality of the pictures with this camera as good if not better than anything else without going to digital .
Nice going Sony ! .
I 'm happy with every aspect of this camcorder .
Price and function are two of the main reasons I now own this camcorder .
I would n't buy electronics on line again -LRB- been there done that -RRB- .
The only thing is is that you cant edit your film on your computer you can just play it back .
I also have lots of Hi8 video I shot while I was in the military that I want to transfer to DVD so after a lot of research chose the CCD-TRV308 .
As with most Sony camcorders , the NightShot only works in a very limited capacity .
I still use an external IR light but This one works pretty good on its own compared to the others .
The camera model may be fine , but the used one we bought had multiple defects .

Hit q or quit to leave. Enter product ID: Does just what was needed to charge the Macbook Pro G4 13inch laptop .
Bought this as a replacement for an original Apple adapter -LRB- which had lasted about 4 years -- seems to be a long time for these adapters -RRB- .
Believe me , it 's not worth the lower cost for this - just get a more expensive one that actually works . .
This is not a problem for me as my battery is totally dead ; just keep the laptop plugged in ;--RRB- .
Wo n't work on the new Intel MacBook or MacBook Pro . .
Although it says G4 Titanium powerbook , it seems to also work with the Aluminium powerbooks .
received promptly .
The OEM part should be more durable .
I have been through two of these , each one only worked for a few months before going bad .
WHY ?
so much more inexpensive than the apple adapter .
This charger is horrible .
Overall very pleased with this replacement charger . .
Unless you have serious reasons for buying the Apple power adapter -LRB- eg , vanity -RRB- , I would go ahead and get the Macally version .
I needed to send the adapter to the manufacturer in California for them to evaluate -- I would be without a power cord for a week .
and at half the cost that I paid for my LAST replacement power adapter -LRB- yes , I am on my THIRD -RRB- this is a bargain .
Easy to use with a better strain relief than that of the OEM .
I think this is the best one around for the value .
does not start up your computer right away after you kill the battery .
Apple 's cord is approx 6 feet , while the Macally measures over 12 feet.This is an excellent replacement or secondary adapter.For those frequent travelers : How many times have you checked into a hotel , and tried to find an electrical outlet near the desk or someplace you might actualy use .